# 1.3) Identifying the operations in the following snippet:

<u>

`map<string, vector<double>> x_map;`

**Objects and variables created:** `x_map`

**Types and values:** `x_map` is a `map` object with `string` keys and `vector<double>` values. It is default initialized.

**Number of objects created:** 1

**Type of initialization:** Default initialization

**Errors:** No errors.

`x_map["exp"] = vector<double>{1.1, 2.2, 3.3};`

**Objects and variables created:** None.

**Number of objects created:** 0

**Operations:**
- `x_map["exp"]` creates a new key `"exp"` in the `x_map` map and assigns a new `vector` object with values `{1.1, 2.2, 3.3}` to the key.

**Errors:** No errors.

`vector<double> vv1 = x_map["exp"];
vector<double> vv2 = x_map["xpr"];
vv1 = x_map["xxpr"];
vv2 = x_map["exp"];`

**Objects and variables created:** `vv1`, `vv2`

**Types and values:**
- `vv1` is a `vector<double>` object with values `{1.1, 2.2, 3.3}`
- `vv2` is a `vector<double>` object that is default initialized with an empty vector.

**Number of objects created:** 2

**Operations:**
- `vv1 = x_map["xxpr"]` assigns the value of the key `"xxpr"` in `x_map` to `vv1`. Since `"xxpr"` is not a valid key in the map, this will create a new key `"xxpr"` in `x_map` with a default-initialized empty vector, which is then assigned to `vv1`.
- `vv2 = x_map["exp"]` assigns the value of the key `"exp"` in `x_map` to `vv2`.

**Type of initialization:**
- `vv1` is value initialized with the values of the `"exp"` key in `x_map`.
- `vv2` is default initialized with an empty vector.

**Copy assignment:** Happens twice at the following statements:
- `vv1 = x_map["xxpr"];`
- `vv2 = x_map["exp"];`

**Objects assigned:**
- `vv1` is assigned the value of the `"xxpr"` key in `x_map` and later assigned the value of the `"exp"` key.
- `vv2` is assigned the value of the `"exp"` key in `x_map`.

**Value assigned:**
- The value assigned to `vv1` is the value of the `"xxpr"` key in `x_map`, which is an empty vector.
- The value assigned to `vv2` is the value of the `"exp"` key in `x_map`, which is a vector with values `{1.1, 2.2, 3.3}`.

**Errors:**
- `x_map["xpr"]` is a typo and should be changed to `x_map["xpr"]` to match the key in the previous line.
